one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam ' s holiest city .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula character , the trickster character , spun a black cord and a black cord .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo ( a tiny drum that makes almost no sound ) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni cassini , and the esa .
alessandro ( " sandro " ) mazzola ( born 8 november 1942 ) is an italian former football player .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had gone by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became active in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore made numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada ( british columbia ) , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f . kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 ' s great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn ( with terri ) defeated eddie guerrero ( with chyna ) to win the wwf european championship ( 8 : 10 ) saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
she was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories , called the ribbajack & other curious and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as a stretched object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations run by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum ( a nugget of data ) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must stick to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser ( born 10 july 1988 ) is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
it consists of four categories , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria ' s reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american martial league .
giardia lamblia ( synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduce in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p . synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band ' s website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is derived from voice of america ( voa ) special english .
the movie was made by american actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
bohemian switzerland is a part of the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 ( 1,048,576 ) bytes is referenced as 1 mb ( megabyte ) instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " knacks " ( specific magical abilities ) , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version ' s 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children ' s toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover ( who eventually became george i of great britain ) .
their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in action only by chitin .
oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy ( sometimes spelled alliteracy ) is the state of being able to read but being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a chemical compound .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
originally , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd ' s biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure ( 1911 ) , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he lived in london .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and the history of the church as part of the church , then ( 1860 ) with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band include flynn ( vocals , guitar ) , duce ( bass ) , phil demmel ( guitar ) , and dave mcclain ( drums ) .
a minority muslim population is a group of muslim countries .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious .
mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony ' s home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to october .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the gospel of matthew , the gospel of matthew , is the gospel of matthew , and the gospel of matthew .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
it is made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
the development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov ' s principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral ( 1908 ) and st george cathedral in nakhichevan ( 1783-1807 ) .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l . miller and harold c . urey in 1953 .
cogeneration ( also combined heat and power , chp ) is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css , that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind ( explanations for this vary ) when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was afraid to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
esperanto is the most important country in the world .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun ( 6 february 1912 - 30 april 1945 ) was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam ( 2009 ) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually played as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have no response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally ( ermine , snowshoe hare ) or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument ( the cephalopod family ) .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship ( 14 : 10 ) venis pinned rikishi with a tv camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith phillips , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
warwick is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in warwick and working in dublin .
acanthopholis ' s armour were made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes .
origin of irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and newmarket railroad .
when the law commission , the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
during the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red ( this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets ) .
monteux was a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something ( usually involving his personal life ) that makes him run out of time .
messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement ' s orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle ( usually a four wheel drive ) .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he likes himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr . schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter ( possibly stubs ) and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are oft-heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is a part of the law .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha ' s departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju ( pop .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
he called `` kinesthetic film principles '' .
the lawyer , brandon ( waise lee ) , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
the people who lived in the city of california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a computer option to read the text , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches ( 9.1 millimeters ) .
yoghurt or yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ( see below ) , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album , however , was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern ' s radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern ' s frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald ' s " wendy ' s attacks tim hortons .
plot captain caleb holt ( kirk cameron ) is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
the ballet was first made in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
the operettas were extremely popular in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an ( modern-day xian ) .
jeanne marie-madeleine ( february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968 ) was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
by most people , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore ( st . mary the greater ) , the earliest living church in assisi , is the earliest living church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour ( ch ) in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of milan , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder ( matchcover ) enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe ' s trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series .
some of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar .
dr . david lindenmeyer ( australian national university ) has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for buying hollow-dependent species like leadbeater ' s possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
it can also be used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning .
thereafter the county ' s administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
the skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
he said that the story of a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people ' s republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc . , a web portal company .
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
he was born in jwaneng , south america .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany ' s , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli .
new south wales ' s largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a center on the eastern approaches was built later .
the battle of stiklestad ( norway ) : olav haraldsson loses his pagan vassals .
others have thought that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the soviet union .
montenegro and serbia became independent .
use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .
schuschnigg said that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
the word `` constituent '' means `` citizen '' .
he is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " mm " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin ' s opus 57 is a berceuse for piano piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " it was quinine ' s efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband ' s works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural moons and no substantial atmosphere .
the city is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
there are no habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry ' s bravery , and by finding cedric ' s corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
meher baba is now the site of meher baba ' s samadhi ( tomb-shrine ) as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
the species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km ( 186 miles ) east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user ' s configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
the seats were made up of free democratic party members , christian democratic people ' s party ( cvp ) : 2 members , christian democratic people ' s party ( svp ) : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state ' s library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the power of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n ' t stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix was free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s . marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the movie may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he was from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck ' s usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a set of colleges in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
for example , some reports say that they are paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh said that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that tells the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic dow rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
mulder said that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of ( very large ) molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months against capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen ' s park to near bloor street , where it turned west to end at st . george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the church .
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
he attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m . sherman and robert b . sherman .
slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in - ka formed from a proper name arzash , which remembers the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
in 1999 , gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 , 1979 ( the 750th anniversary of the village ) , glinde was a town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs . donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario ' s friend " .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this is how much of a particular drug or other substance ( inhibitor ) is needed to inhibit a given biological process ( or component of a process ) .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann ( e ) power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc . .
he also earned an academy award nomination .
